# Everything.com

Everything.com is a website for the sell and purchase of the products and goods of shops from home to reduce the time of people to go and spend their time on the shops to buy and sell stuffs. Customer can just order a list of stuffs from his portal and when packed and ready for takeaway seller can just notify the customer to get his order from shop, pay, and finish the deal through his portal.

**Details: -**
First Page (Default route) shows the information related to the website, it holds a button which when tapped, let’s us to the login page having front end by JavaScript and that’s why the login page and registration page acts as single page application.
	When you register your id and login first time you get some information forms, first page just contains select options to choose if user is seller or customer, next page contains the detailed form to get the information of seller or client. After submitting from, you get rendered to your personal portal containing list of shop profiles if you are customer or list of orders if you are seller.
	If you logged-in as customer then you get list of shop profiles which when clicked by user, website routes to the page containing details of seller and the textarea to write a list to the seller. Also, on the navigation bar there are two links, home and order history, home routes to the page of shop profiles as discussed before and order history routes to the list of orders ordered before which shows the seller id, Total amount given by seller(Rs.0 if not yet entered by seller) and progress of order(shows in progress if user just sent order and seller not yet packed it, shows ready for takeaway if seller has packed the order and has notified the customer and shows deal completed if customer through his portal set it as deal completed after getting the order ) which when clicked, routes to the page which shows the details of seller and list of goods ordered by user and a button to complete and off the deal if customer got his order.
       If you logged-in as seller then you get list of orders each of which shows the customer id, Total amount given by seller (Rs.0 if not yet entered by seller) and progress of order (shows in progress if user just sent order and seller not yet packed it, shows ready for takeaway if seller has packed the order and has notified the customer and shows deal completed if customer through his portal set it as deal completed after getting the order ) which when clicked by user, routes to the page containing the details of customer, the list of order and inputarea to enter the Total Ammount and submit button to notify customer to takeaway his order.Whole Website is Mobile responsive also.
       I believe my final project is distinct and unique from previous projects as my final project is not only for single person it’s like complete social network of sellers and buyers having their own portals. Also, my project contains both Django routes and JavaScript for the development of this project. My final project is Mobile responsive too. 


